Our next best practice is another contract
may use "delegatecall" to call your contract function.
Be aware of this and code defensively.
Let's parse that a little bit,
when your contract exists and is deployed to the block chain,
it's possible that it's being called by a user account
or an externally owned account as we referred to them or a smart contract.
We also learned how you can distinguish between the two.
If a smart contract is calling your function,
there is potential for harm to be done because it's actually code that is being run.
When this happens, it's important that you code defensively.
Some of the patterns we just learned will help you do just that.